These, these, these, these, these, these, these, these, these, these, these, these, these, these, these, Some, some, some, some, some, some, some, some, some, some
More, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more.
More, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more.
More, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more. Some, some, some, some, some, some, some, some, some, some, some, some, some, some, some, some financial matters
This young man is here to protect me
He has already changed this
I'm going to make a bet with you now. I'll pay you. I'll pay you.
Look at my face and you are a winner
I will come back to you
Can you help me? Isn’t it a financial contribution?
It’s not me who helps you win.
You believe his lies
Just watch it
You are smart no matter who you are
That's not the right time to post it for you